Change secondary buttons to ghost and outline buttons (#2253)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: docs/src/design-guidelines.rst

******************
Design Guidelines
******************

Buttons
=======

> In our project we want to use three buttons all together: regular buttons (Tailwind class "btn"), outline buttons (Tailwind classes "btn btn-outline")
> and ghost buttons (Tailwind classes "btn btn-ghost"). Regular buttons are used, if they are the main call to action on the page.
> Please use outline buttons for secondary buttons - thus buttons that still fulfill the main purpose of the shown view, just in secondary hierarchy.
> Please use ghost buttons for buttons that have a different purpose than the other buttons on the shown view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our project we use three types of buttons:

* Primary buttons (css class ``btn``):
  The main call to action on the page, e.g. submitting a form or opening another page
* Outline buttons (css classes ``btn btn-outline``):
  The secondary call to action on the page, e.g. submitting a form as draft
* Ghost buttons (css classes ``btn btn-ghost``):
  Buttons that don't trigger an immediate action, but only hide/show additional components, e.g. filters or previews.
```
I would format this a little bit differently to make it more readable.
